what are you doing ann
my boss asked me to booked rooms for
two of our most demanding clients
they would like a quiet hotel
near our publishing house
and of course with all the creature
comforts
so i'm making a few telephone calls
and listen to this song for a moment
it's ray charles's
last recording it's fantastic
i've got a lot to do sharon
just for one minute anne come on
i'm afraid i can't now
but just why don't you go over to
alice's
she's having a shower
you know when alice
gets in the bathroom she takes at least
two hours
well do whatever you want
just please get out of this room
and what's the matter today
why are you treating me so badly that's
enough sharon
i know everything about it everything
about what
that you've got a lover i love her
are you going crazy anne don't try and
pretend with me
sharon and i call you a friend
but it's the truth
and who is my romantic lover by the way
you know i'm talking about jack
jack what are you talking about
the photograph the one where you and
jack
are kissing it's not what you
think anne so you tell me
you know a picture says more than a
thousand words
that photo is from three years ago
we were engaged oh what but you and jack
were engaged
i know i know i i wanted to avoid stupid
gossip
and also because of peter
so now you're telling me
well i can't believe it i know
i didn't want to hurt your feelings
see now you're angry with me
that's why well you're right sharon i
am mad at you and now i look like
a fool i'm sorry anne
really my hair
what's going on it's alice come on let's
go see what's happening
what's happening alice why are you
screaming
my hair look
it it looks
your hair is green i know
but how okay
imagine this i'm washing my hair
well coloring my hair actually
i want to change my look my mobile rings
it's tong he's telling me all about this
great
party yesterday evening i'm listening to
his story
and i don't realize that time flies
more than an hour
it's always the same old story alice
anyways green suits you
you look it looks very original
very unique just like you
well alice
don't be offended but um
you look like a frog
thanks anne that's the nicest compliment
what shall i do
well why don't you
call a hairdresser and make an
appointment
and in future try to avoid
changing your look
good morning everybody
can i ask you a question yesterday
evening
i got sorry jack i can't listen now
i've got to get to work i have a meeting
at 9
30 with my editor and i'm
late but i only need a minute
it's important nothing is more important
than this meeting if i arrive late my
boss will kill me
ring me later if you want bye-bye
great alice
alice can i ask you a question
yesterday no jack i can't i'm really
sorry but
i have to get going too but you never
leave before 11 in the morning
and why are you in such a hurry today
i'm starting a new yoga course this
morning
my horoscope says i have to do some
exercise
well if your horoscope says so
anyway i only need a second no jack
my teacher told me not to be late you
can give me a call later
but alice wait it's important
what a bunch of nuts i wonder what my
aunt will think
what a day i'm exhausted
me too all of my muscles are killing me
what is there to eat and well
we can make a sandwich that's about it
the fridge is practically empty
jack is that you
who's that with him hi everybody
this is my aunt carolina she came all
the way from bologna to see me
she'd like to see how i'm getting along
good evening jack
why didn't you say anything i should
clean up look at the mess
everybody was in such a hurry this
morning i tried to telephone you but
your mobile was off
and alice's mobile just rang and rang
i imagine you left it at home again as
usual alice
well i guess so good evening
it's a pleasure to meet you well well
only girls eh so
you are alice alice the interesting one
of the house
and you are anne the housekeeper
please and carolina so that's how you
describe
us come on and carolina is only joking
right and this is the wonderful house
um well yes but it's usually tidy
it's still very charming thank you
may i offer you something um would you
like to have a glass of wine maybe
yes thank you i would alice could you
get a bottle of wine please there isn't
any wine
and there isn't any wine there isn't any
beer
we have to do the shopping oh i'm
terribly sorry
it's not usually like this but today was
very busy do you know what
let's go out for dinner what do you say
aunt carolina
that sounds good to me excuse me
do you go out dressed like that maybe
you should get cleaned up a bit
yeah you're absolutely right let's get
ready to go out on the town
may i ask you a question jack of course
aunt carolina
shoot do you really think
it's such a good idea to live together
with all these women
alice what are you going to do today
i don't know why
i'm going to do some shopping for this
evening
would you like to come along i'd like to
make
dinner for jack's aunt i also want to
invite
sharon and peter my lesson is at
3 i don't know what time i'll finish
well don't worry i'm going to do some
work before that
i don't think i'll finish before five
so what do you say okay
but only if you loan me your red hat
okay
i'll lend you the hat but be careful
if you lose it i'll get very angry
good morning everyone good morning mrs
andreini
what are you talking about we're
deciding
what we're going to do today how are you
going to spend your day
i think i'll go for a walk in the city
center
maybe do a little shopping
oh i think it's going to rain just look
at those clouds
hi guys hi auntie
i'm on my way out jack aren't you going
to have breakfast
oh i can't auntie i'm meeting a japanese
client
if i get there late my boss will have a
fit
you can't go on an empty stomach
oh don't worry i'll have something to
eat at lunch
oh wait jack i'll come with you
so we'll see each other at five
don't forget
i'm worried about jack he's so thin
maybe he isn't eating enough oh
he won't starve if he misses breakfast
he seems so run down and so distracted
he's always thinking about something
else
maybe he's in love
excuse me a moment i'll get that
sharon this is jack's aunt carolina
it's a pleasure to meet you i'm sharon
evans i live next door
another woman and very pretty i might
add
let me guess you're jack's
friend too who knows why my
nephew prefers female friends excuse me
i have to go sharon why don't you stay
you can get to know each other better
sharon i'm a little worried about jack
he's so distracted these days
maybe there's something you know i don't
me i don't know anything
really it's strange
i know his work is going very well
maybe there's a woman in the picture
listen i'm very sorry
as i told you i don't know anything
about it
now i really must get going
okay okay what's the matter sharon
you look a little upset i'm fine
just just a little tired that's all
listen sharon you seem like such a nice
girl
may i ask you a favor certainly
go right ahead you know i'm going to
leave in a few days
when i leave will you take care of jack
it would make me feel so much better
oh well i don't know
i don't know if i can do that
but do i not
i'm not really the right person
and i'm also engaged to peter
we live together and engaged
that's strange
why do you say that because
love is joyful my girl
and you seem well you seem
so unhappy
hello anne you're very beautiful this
evening
come on would you like a nice
big kiss
but peter are you crazy
what's the special occasion i'm so happy
i'm elated but you'll never like this
what's happened do you remember that
famous director who was at my
performance
what did he look like you know that
tall well-dressed man about 50 years old
he looked like clark gable oh
yes now i remember well he said
he wanted to direct a musical in japan
yes and
but so what and he said he wanted me to
do an audition
yes i can't stand the suspense
what about him well today i auditioned
and listened to this anne he wants me to
go with him to japan
oh congratulations peter that's
fantastic i'm i'm
so happy for you now tell me everything
what was the audition like i was very
nervous
at first he asked me to sing and then he
asked me to act like a snob
you know they're putting on my fair lady
and they're looking for an actor to play
the professor of pronunciation
remember this professor transforms a
simple flower girl
into a high society star oh wow
a leading role you are
perfect for the part but you like
wearing fancy scarves you enjoy using
a superior tone of voice and
are you going to move to japan of course
i'm so excited about the idea of living
there
i wonder what it will be like what does
sharon think about all this well
she doesn't know yet you know she's so
moody
i need to find the right words
anyways all i can think about now is
celebrating
do you want to go dancing but you hate
dancing peter
i know but i want to be crazy tonight
put on your best dress i want you to
look like
sophia loren
hi what's happening here you're
kissing each other alice now hold on
i'm leaving for japan for japan
what are you going to do in japan i'm
going to act in a great musical
my fair lady that's amazing
and when are you going to leave i don't
really know yet
i think we're going to leave in two or
three weeks
at the most and what does sharon think
about this
sharon sharon all you want to know about
is sharon
i imagine she'll be very pleased to come
with me
at any rate it's time to party we're
going dancing
would you like to join us dancing why
aren't you
always like this going to japan is
making you much more fun
hi everybody wow
i'm really pleased to see everyone
dressing up like this for me ha ha
you'd like to be the center of attention
wouldn't you well
of course and that color
really suits you
and alice made up like that you look
much older
what's happening anyway why are you all
so elegant
did i forget something no jack
we're going out to celebrate with peter
he's going to play a role in a musical
and he's moving to japan to japan
what does sharon think about all this
she doesn't know anyway according to
peter
she'll be ecstatic about the idea of
moving to japan
what does sharon have to do with peter's
musical
anyway we know how it is jack when two
people are together
they make changes together and anyway
why do you care if peter and sharon move
to japan
i don't care but i really don't think
that
sharon is going to be happy about moving
to japan
that's what you think well
of course i could be wrong
in any case it's useless to make guesses
hey jack do you want to come with us
not really tell peter i'm sorry but
i don't really feel like celebrating
tonight
well you don't know what you're missing
sayonara jack
yes sure okay four o'clock is fine
i'll see you later bye
who are you speaking to sharon to the
museum i sent my cv to
i'm going to have an interview this
afternoon oh great
but i really don't understand why you're
in such a rush to find a job
you know very well i don't enjoy being a
tour guide
now let's get back to us
where were you last night you didn't
get home until three in the morning
i was out with ann and alice
listen sharon i have to tell you
something very important
what's the matter peter is something
wrong
well not really wrong but
yesterday remember when i was waiting
for you outside the gym
you saw that director didn't you the one
who wants to put on a musical in japan
yes that's the one well he asked me to
audition
and well we had a meeting
and the audition went very well
it's a shame you weren't there i was
fantastic let me tell you what happened
firstly when i arrived they were
rehearsing the first scene of my fair
lady
a girl was selling flowers in the street
and people were passing by without
noticing her
two men were watching the scene laughing
all the while
then i sat down because i didn't want to
interrupt anything
after that all of a sudden the director
noticed me
he called out to me and asked me to play
one of the roles
and here comes the best part finally
while i was singing
he interrupted me and he shouted
great my boy the part is yours can you
believe it sharon i got the leading part
i'm really happy for you peter you
should be happy for both of us
why is that because we're gonna leave
for japan
in two or three weeks at the most
you'll come with me won't you sharon
japan but
but how this is such a surprise i
i don't know peter i certainly wasn't
expecting this
what's the problem a change will do us
both good
what's keeping you here you don't seem
happy with your work
that's true i wanted to change
but i certainly wasn't expecting this
this is so sudden
i'm completely confused
[Music]
what's that smell what are you cooking
i'm cooking roast beef wow i'm starving
you know my sweet anne i was thinking
about you today
about how you take care of alice and me
you were fantastic
it's something i've been wanting to tell
you for a long time
come on jack stop it
stop making fun of me but it's true
anne
what's the matter why are you so nervous
today
i know everything jack
i know all about you and sharon
and what is it exactly that you know
that you had a relationship
many years ago and that
maybe you are still in love with her
and how did you find this out
i was tidying up in the living room
the night of peter's performance
when i saw your jacket
and i was taking it to your room
when something fell out
it was a photo
a very meaningful photo
you were kissing her
so i spoke to sharon
and what did she say
she told me everything
tell me the truth jack
are you still in love with her
well
i have to admit that seeing her makes me
feel
well what about me jack
i thought
i thought there was something special
between us and there
is anne i care very much about you
but but but
well i thought we were just
friends oh
okay jack i understand now wait
and i didn't mean to hurt your feelings
but it doesn't matter jack
just remember sharon is going to japan
would you like something to drink would
you like something to drink that means
they do want anything to drink
would you like something to drink yes i
like you can say i like or i
i like i pause a little bit i
like i like i like a cup puff
a cup up and then you link them together
like a cuppa
cuppa add like a cuppa minty
minty yes i like a cup of minty
no thanks no thanks
do you prefer do you prefer tea
or coffee do you prefer tea or coffee i
guess
that means i think okay i guess i
prefer tea oh sorry i prefer coffee
i guess i prefer coffee do you prefer
tea or coffee i guess i prefer coffee
okay number three what's your favorite
kind of juice
what's your favorite kind of juice i
love pineapple juice
i love pineapple juice what kind of
beverage
beverage the same meaning with drink
okay
what kind of beverage do you usually
drink
drink i usually
drink milk i usually drink milk
do you know how to make lemonade that
means
can you make lemonade do you know how to
make lemonade
yes of course i do of course they do
is very easy to make it's very easy to
make
of course i do it's very easy to make
sorry i don't know
sorry i don't know is this
is this cocktail good is this cocktail
good
yes it is link them together yesterdays
very tasty yes it is very tasty
not really it's okay not really it's
okay
what are you gonna do this weekend what
are you gonna do this weekend
i'm gonna go shopping with my mom with
my mom
i'm gonna go shopping with my mom
are you gonna buy some clothes uh yeah
are you gonna buy some clothes no
we are gonna buy some shoes no we're
gonna buy some shoes
no we're gonna buy some shoes sneakers
well i'm gonna buy a pair of sneakers
what about your mom what the belcher mom
what about your mom what about your mom
what about your mom she's gonna buy high
heels
she's gonna buy high heels she's gonna
buy high heels
he's sure easier is your dad
gonna go with you too with you too
is your dad gonna go with you too
no he's gonna play he's gonna play
tennis
with his colleague no he's gonna play
tennis with his colleague